There's another problem that we ran into whenever we worked with variables the VAR keyword variables
with loops and that is whenever we use loops with functions.
Now just to kind of revisit the concept will make a regular variable like before 2015.
Empty array like so then all I want to do is loop through it just like before and will do while I am
less than nine semi-colon and then will increment I.
And then inside of here what we want to do is essentially push on a function for every single count
for every single iteration.
So in this case what is push on a function like so.
And then all we're going to do is counseled our log.
Right.
And we already know that this doesn't work because whenever we for each through our array and load in
a function with a argument that will get passed in that represents an item in the array like so come
back and then we just invoke the function that's inside of the array.
You know see that it prints nine nine times because whenever we push on this array it goes through the
entire loop nine times or eight times I should say.
And so whenever it does that whenever we finish looping the value of this variable is 9.
And so whenever we invoke this function right here they're all referencing the same variable that their
consulate out loggy and for that very reason it prints 9 nine times.
Now originally as we already know there was a very common workaround that you would see in order for
people to get the expected or at least desired result which is 0 1 2 3 4 6 7 8.
And the way they would do is they would make the same exact loop.
And then after that do less than nine increments.
But whenever they would go and push on the function instead of pushing on a function directly they would
do an immediately invoked function like.
So go ahead and throw in this right there.
Then inside of here they would return a function like so which would cancel log the value.
That value would get passed in here and then after that you'd come down here and you would pass in your
index like so.
And so now whenever I actually try to loop through this like before will just do phone to represent
that invoke the function and get semi-colons as always.
And it gets the expected result and we kind of went through the mechanics of why this works.
Every time we're pushing something we're immediately invoking a function that gets passed in as an argument
is the variable.
And so it stores its own copy of the variable that way whenever it cancelled out logs.
It works as it's expected to.
Now there is a much simpler way to do this.
Thanks to let and Konst the way we do it is as you would expect and you're probably going to be a master
of arrays after this is just you fall for the left equals zero and I have less than nine and then I
increments like before and then I'll just do phunk push and then I'm just going to do the exact same
thing function and then I'll do the thing that originally used to not work but now it totally works.
So in that case now whenever I loop through I believe I still have it saved so I can just know I definitely
can't.
OK.
So now that I have that I'm just going to loop through this.
Do folks for each.
Then throw in a function and then invoke it like so.
And you can see it does the exact same thing as before except without all this syntax.
In my opinion this looks a lot nicer and it's a lot cleaner to look at and remember whenever you're
working with loops this let functionality with loops has nothing to do with the way it works in hoisting.
And this is a specific functionality that was designed specifically for working with loops and it doesn't
have anything to do with how Let is not hoisted and put into the TTC.